Qonto project (#310)
simplabs/simplabs.github.io: blog/_posts/2019-03-29-qonto-project.md

---
layout: article
section: Blog
title: Qonto project
author: "Mark Coleman"
github-handle: mrmrcoleman
twitter-handle: mrmrcoleman
topic: simplabs
---

> We're very pleased to announce that we've started working with [Qonto](https://qonto.eu/), a Paris based VC funded startup who are "the ideal banking alternative for freelancers, startups and SMEs."

Reviewer: Do we want to include _"FinTech"_ here somewhere? It's buzz-wordy or course but I guess somehow sexy?

Author: I agree about the sexiness of fintech. Added. ;-)

<!--break-->

> Often when we start with new clients we together choose [Team Augmentation](https://simplabs.com/team-augmentation/index.html) as the method of working.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is a good way to put it. It's not like we talk to the client first and then choose a method of working together. With our team augmentation offering it's usually the situation that a client reaches out to us specifically looking for that kind of value (engineering power + expertise).

I'm not sure how to best say this better but it reads a bit strange to me - maybe it could merge with the following paragraph?

> This method of working sees our technology experts merge with our client's in-house engineering teams to share and their know-how. simplabs engineers spearhead and guide new development initiatives while establishing best practices and tranferring knowledge to in-house engineers on the job via reviews and pairing sessions.

Reviewer: > share and […] their know-how

Reviewer: I think it'd also be good to say that Tobi and Ricardo are core team members of Ember?

> Just as with previous Team Augmentation projects like [TheTrainLine](https://simplabs.com/trainline/index.html) this approach brings "double value for the client" says simlpabs CEO Marco Otte-Witte, "short term value is added by the client immediately gaining more engineering power, but additional long term value is added through improved architecture, code quality, processes and leveled up in-house engineers."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just as with previous Team Augmentation projects like [trainline](https://simplabs.com/trainline/index.html) this approach brings "double value for the client" says simlpabs CEO Marco Otte-Witte, "short term value is added by the client immediately gaining more engineering power, but additional long term value is added through improved architecture, code quality, processes and leveled up in-house engineers."
```

> For the project at Qonto, simplab's Tobias Bieniek started by analyzing their code and identified that there would be significant work involved in converting over to Handlebars. To tackle this Tobias created and open sourced [emblem-migrator](https://github.com/simplabs/emblem-migrator/) which Qonto and all other Emblem.js users can use.

Reviewer: I'd say something like

```suggestion
For the project at Qonto, simplab's Tobias Bieniek started by analyzing their code and found the templates were using the rather antiquated Emblem.js which nobody was really happy with but also nobody knew how to migrate away from. To tackle this Tobias created and open sourced [emblem-migrator](https://github.com/simplabs/emblem-migrator/) which Qonto and all other Emblem.js users can use.
```

Feel free to modify for better language etc.!

> Next simplabs engineers identified that Qonto's test suite speed was impeding progress. They showed Qonto's engineers how to analyse the underlying causes and then half the testing time.

Reviewer: Should we say this was literally done in the first week of the project?
